when I talk to people about
seeing all kinds of wildlife
they're always amazed and they
say they go into four star
Parker wooded area to take
pictures of wildlife and birds
and then we'll see anything so
come along and I'll show you how
to build your own natural blind
for free
well this looks like a good spot
let me check it out have broken
up my outline that's good
it's in his shadow that's really
good all i need to do is kind of
remodel it i'm gonna go break
some vegetation and some death
sticks and kind of give me a
little bit more shadow what I'm
doing out here in the forest is
the same thing you might do in
your garden when you just proved
you're shrubbery a little bit of
trouble like this they get print
all the time by storms and win
branches falling out of trees
they simply regrow their
greenery so I'm going to
basically plant some shrubbery
kind of an irregular pattern
just like nature
this will kind of camouflage my
movement
I don't really want this to be a
wall of obstacles i wanted to be
kind of spread out so you can
actually see through it but it
just kind of defers your eye
when you glance at it and
creates more shadow i'm gonna
look at this from the animals
perspective and see what they
see it needs a little bit more
camouflage i'm going to go from
the inside now and dress up the
inside of my little blind what
I'm looking for is when i'm
sitting back here if I hear
noise that way over here sound
of an animal their own footprint
our I want to be able to move
around a little bit and turn my
head without catching the
animals I in the smallest
movement of these lease is
natural in the forest so they're
going to see that instead of
seeing my ears are my ice
movement and I've got my blind
bill got my body camouflaged
calm down i'm just going to sit
and wait for the animals to come